README.md, before:

# deno_website2

[![Build Status](https://github.com/denoland/deno_website2/workflows/ci/badge.svg?branch=master&event=push)](https://github.com/denoland/deno/actions)

This is the code for https://deno.land/

This website consists of two parts

1. A Cloudflare Worker
2. The static React Website hosted at Netlify

We want to provide pretty and semantic URLs for modules that will be used within
deno. For example: https://deno.land/std/http/server.ts

When we request this file inside of Deno, we need to receive back the raw
content of the file. However, when we visit that URL in the browser we want to
see a pretty HTML file with syntax highlighting.

To accomplish this the Cloudflare worker looks at the "Accept:" HTTP header to
see if the client wants HTML or not. If it does want HTML, we simply proxy the
request to Netlify. (We use Netlify because of their nice GitHub integration.)

## History

This is a rewrite of the Deno website it will combine the code in
https://github.com/denoland/deno/tree/master/website and
https://github.com/denoland/registry and have faster deployment.

This is written in React / MaterialUI / Netlify / CloudFlare Workers. Not in
Deno. Ideally this could be ported to Deno at some point but we are in need of a
new website and dogfooding takes too long. We hope to see this code ported to
Deno with minimal developer flow interrupted (in particular, we need the ability
to listen for FS events and reload the web server).

Commit message:

Move to next.js (#3)
* next.js homepage

* Updated worker and registry utils

* Fixed formatting and linting

* Fixed CI

* Basic registry + general improvements

* Updated codeblock line number color

* Updated codeblock padding

* Added markdown rendering

* Self host the font

* Fixed keying in InstallSection

* Moved to preact and use local font

* Fixed image jumping?

* Remove fake auth tokens

* Made /x nicer and cleaned up

* Added loading indicator to registry

* Cleaned up markdown rendering

* Added /std

* Fixed /std footer link

* Added registry link to folder view

* Added basic 1.0 post

* Added benchmarks and added copyright header

* Fix worker

* Added benchmarks to footer

* Added more spacing to footer

* Updated /x page

* Added No modules found message

* New styling for homepage

* Fixed linting

* Made logo larger on mobile

* Header improvements + benchmarks

* Made background uniform

* Removed token again

* Cleaned up some pages

* Added discord link

* Cleaned up home page

* Remove linenumbers for single length

* Better a11y

* Badges in footer

* Added links to ci badges

* Fix unexpected on registry

* Added version dropdown

* Fix path in gotoVersion

* Removed icons

* Added benchmark link to footer

* Fix home page

README.md, after:

# deno_website2

[![Build Status](https://github.com/denoland/deno_website2/workflows/ci/badge.svg?branch=master&event=push)](https://github.com/denoland/deno/actions)

This is the code for https://deno.land/

This website consists of two parts

1. A Cloudflare Worker
2. A next.js app hosted on ZEIT Now

We want to provide pretty and semantic URLs for modules that will be used within
deno. For example: https://deno.land/std/http/server.ts

When we request this file inside of Deno, we need to receive back the raw
content of the file. However, when we visit that URL in the browser we want to
see a pretty HTML file with syntax highlighting.

To accomplish this the Cloudflare worker looks at the "Accept:" HTTP header to
see if the client wants HTML or not. If it does want HTML, we simply proxy the
request to ZEIT Now. (We use ZEIT Now because of their nice GitHub integration.)

## History

This is a rewrite of the Deno website it will combine the code in
https://github.com/denoland/deno/tree/master/website and
https://github.com/denoland/registry and have faster deployment.

This is written in React / MaterialUI / ZEIT Now / CloudFlare Workers. Not in
Deno. Ideally this could be ported to Deno at some point but we are in need of a
new website and dogfooding takes too long. We hope to see this code ported to
Deno with minimal developer flow interrupted (in particular, we need the ability
to listen for FS events and reload the web server).
